Seriously, though...
It's so hot.
Gojo-kun, don't you wanna cool off somewhere?
Sure...
Manga Café Internet & Comics Reception
First 30 minutes 190 yen Welcome.
I've never been to a manga café before.
Oh, really? I absolutely recommend them.
They're nice and cool, you can read all the manga you want,
you can eat, and they have drinks!
It's basically paradise.
Right...
But...
We're so close.
You can really stretch out your legs. It's the best!
Episode 11
I Am Currently at a Love Hotel
Man, these seats are so comfy.
Ooh, a menu!
French fries, French fries!
We're really way too close...
Why is this room so small?
Um, is this normal for manga cafés?
Yeah. Something wrong?
O-Oh, I see.
Gojo-kun, wanna get something to eat?
Mega-Stacked Special Menu Recommended!
Fried Garlic Bulb 650 yen
Onion Rings & Fries 680 yen The Classic Katsu Curry
Mega-Stacked
Oh, no! She's looking at a bonkers page!
I ended up bringing this with me,
but I totally rec it! Give it a read!
Kani Miso
I'm a Mega-Best-Selling High-School-Student Light Novel Author That Has a Succubus Thirsting for Me Every Night and I Don' t Know What to Do
"I'm a Mega-Best-Selling High-School-Student Light Novel Author
That Has a Succubus Thirsting for Me Every Night and I Don't Know What to Do."
Everything you just uttered was the title?
Yup! "SuccIDK" for short!
It's a slice-of-life, four-panel comic.
"Slice of life"?
Hmm... Like, nothing actually happens, but that's what's so great about it?
It's nice and peaceful, pretty much.
So, the point is to enjoy the characters' tranquil, everyday lives?
Yeah, exactly! Tranquil!
Slice-of-life stuff makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside,
so I usually read it before going to bed.
I'm a Mega-Best-Selling High-School-Student Light Novel Author That Has a Succubus Thirsting for Me Every Night and I Don' t Know What to Do by Kani Miso
In "SuccIDK," the protagonist Kaname-kun
stays up all night writing light novels, so he doesn't sleep,
and the succubus Liz-kyun tries her best to get him to sleep.
I've got a huge soft spot for half-pigtails,
so I instantly fall for characters with them.
Half-pigtails...?
Juju-sama was uber cute, too.
I wanna cosplay Liz-kyun, too. I love her so much!
Liz-kyun!
...does show a lot of skin...
I'll put more thought into the next character I choose.
Yes, compared to Veronica-tya...
Not like I'm gonna, but... Huh? But why?
Is it the amount of skin shown?
Skin? Oh, no. It's not that.
It's not?
I mean, I love Liz-kyun, but her half-pigtails are too cute.
I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to pull them off.
Only really cute girls rock that hairstyle,
so I don't think it'd suit me... y'know?
Whoa, what's with the mega intense stare?
Is there something on my face?
Um...
I think they'd look really nice on you.
You don't think they would?
Huh?
Unlike with Shion-tan, who was a small elementary schooler,
you're saying it's the hairstyle this time?
Yeah.
Why don't you give it a try, then?
You like Liz-kyun, right?
I think you'd look great.
I-If you think so, G-Gojo-kun...
M-M-Maybe I'll do it... You should.
She looked amazing as both Shizuku-tan and Black Lobelia,
so I don't think she has anything to worry about.
By the way, what exactly is a succubus?
I've never heard of them.
Oh, basically, they're girl demons... I see.
They make men have pervy dreams,
and then they suck up all their semen and kill them!
What part of that is a tranquil, everyday life?
Yes, Gojo-kun?
Are you sure this isn't actually something rather disturbing?
Nope, not at all! It's super peaceful.
You'll see when you read it.
A demon that comes to kill you is peaceful?
I can't see how those two things connect.
"Lullaby."
Ignore Hey! Go to sleep already! It's already 3 AM!
I know! I'll sing him a lullaby so he'll get sleepy!
Rock-a-bye baby, on the tree top... When the wind...
blows... the... clack clack clack clack Zzz....
"Chocolate."
Rawr!
Tch You may be getting enough sleep at school,
but a backwards sleep schedule is bad for you!
Your autonomic nerves go all outta wack!
Sure, you feel okay now, but if you keep it up...
How dare she say something sensible?
Slide Milk Chocolate Hey, Succubus.
I'll give you my midnight snack, so shut up already.
Om nom nom Wow, really? Thank you!
They have a milk filling and they're super yummy!
Flappity flap flap clack clack clack clack
I'm gonna go share these with the others!
It does make you warm and fuzzy inside.
And she uses "boku" to refer to herself...
Boku girls are so cute! So effing cute!
I'm gonna go grab some other stuff.
All right.
I see... So this is slice-of-life.
How nice.
Wait...
Could it be that... Zzz....
clack clack clack clack Rawr!
You may be getting enough sleep at school, but a backwards sleep schedule is bad for you! Your autonomic nerves go all out of wack! Sure, you feel okay now, but if you keep it up...
Tch How dare she say something sensible?
These drawings have been simplified...
You're getting sleepy, Kaname-kun!
Hehe... Woooooo Hypnosis
so I have no idea how the outfit's supposed to look.
Wow, really? Thank you!
Om nom nom
They have a milk filling and they're super yummy!
Ta-dah
There were parts I couldn't see in the other costumes,
but this is on another level.
How dare you keep writing light novels!!
You dumb light novel author!!
Her back is totally covered, so I have no idea how it looks at all!
I see...
Depending on the series, I may not be able to see all the details...
I'll have to think of them myself...
I'll have to...
Oh, man. It's already evening.
We got to laze around so much.
Yes. I had a lot of fun.
I guess it's all good, then.
Kitagawa-san, um...
Do you mind if we stop by a bookstore? I wanted to get "SuccIDK."
See? You're hooked! It's the best thing ever, am I right?
Manga Café Reception
I think there's a bookstore around here.
Oh, there's a clothing store here, too.
Oh, you got those?
They're always nice and cool, aren't they?
Those jinbei.
Yup.
I bought two of them.
You look great.
Gramps...
I am...
...currently...
...at a love hotel.
The Previous Day The previous day.
I bought a swimsuit that looks like Liz-kyun's outfit and it's stupid cute.
I've finished my work on this, as well.
F'Real?!
So happy
Actually, how about we do Liz-kyun's photoshoot at a studio?
Your place is all Japanese-style, and the posters in my room are a bit yikes.
Hold up.
I found a studio that sorta looks like Kaname-kun's place!
And it's super close to your place, Gojo-kun!
Huh? Oh, damn! It's only 5,900 yen.
That's insanely cheap!
I had no idea there was a photo studio near my house.
I reserved it so fast.
Can you meet me at the station tomorrow?
All right.
There's a photography studio here?
Um, yeah...
You gotta pay first, so I'll go ahead and take care of that.
We're in room 303.
Huh?
Room 303?
Here we are.
Oh, damn!
This bed's huge! It's so awesome!
I think it's bigger than a double.
If you're a mega-bestselling light novel author, your bed needs to be at least this huge!
It's so roomy, yet simple! It totally looks like Kaname-kun's room!
Ooh.
An electric massager right by your pillow!
Yeah, there's no hiding that this place is a love hotel.
Oh, well.
What's the matter, Gojo-kun?
D-D-Did you just s-say a l-l-love... A love hotel?
Yup! This is a love hotel!
Y-Y-You didn't tell me that!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Why... Wh-Wh-Why are we at a love hotel?!
I thought this was a photo studio!
Oh, so yesterday...
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
I found a huge bed like the one Kaname-kun has.
Rental Space Reorder Cosplay Photos OK 3,900 yen
You can take photos here and it's super cheap.
Why would I pick anywhere else?!
So I insta-pushed reserve...
And it was totally a love hotel!
I finally realized it when we saw the outside of the place!
I seriously had no idea! Sadface!
Guess I should've read the details more carefully.
Kitagawa-san actually is like this!
But even considering the oopsie, this room's pretty sweet!
It's simple and totally seems like Kaname-kun's room.
If I just... imagine it's only a studio...
How can I manage that?!
I'm not that imaginative!
I didn't feel this at the abandoned hospital...
But everything in this room feels so... mature...
I can't... I'm getting dizzy.
Just thinking about being at a l-love hotel with Kitagawa-san...
But, y'know...
I've been sorta curious about love hotels.
I've seen cosplayers have girls' nights at love hotels, and they look like a blast!
Girls' nights at a love hotel?
Yup.
They go like this...
The #SevenBFs group cosplay girls' night out is way too fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And there's a bundle where you can spend the night as a group.
You're right. They do look like they're having fun.
I know, right?
Is that all bread underneath?
Yup. I think they have it here, too.
Do you like sweet things, Gojo-kun?
I've been having a piece of candy sometimes while I've been working lately.
Chocolate's better when you're gonna use your head a lot!
Kaname-kun eats them, too.
Ah, so that's why he was eating them.
Let's make an order.
Oh, thank you very much—
Wait, hold on a second!
I give that fake-out 10 out of 10.
I know this was an honest mistake, but minors like us aren't supposed to be here.
Yeah, if you're normies.
We are normies!
Okay, it was my bad. It really isn't a good idea.
On that note...
I'm gonna get changed.
Why, though?!
1000 Yen
I mean, I came here to cosplay! It'd be a total waste of money if we didn't do anything, right?
Well...
Wh-Whoa! This tub is bonkers! It's hella bougie!
It's a Jacuzzi, too!
Wanna get in with me?
JK! Totally kidding!
Just sit back and relax!
I can't...
relax in the least!
It's true that we shouldn't let 6,000 yen go to waste...
And yet...
Kitagawa-san!
Th-This place... This situation is just...
I'll just watch some TV.
Maybe that'll distract me a bit.
So this is what a love hotel is like...
But you can't... Do that...
I can't watch any more!
Gojo-kun!
Yes! I'm sorry!
I can't even! This is so cute, I'm super hyped!
I saw your sketches, but the real deal is crazy!
Really?
Yeah, it's super hot!
I'm being modest here, but you're a genius!
The fact that the buttons are pearls is uber cute.
And the back of the collar being a heart is sweet!
The collar's good! It's all so good, I can't deal!
For the collar, I matched the shape of Liz-kyun's tail,
and used both chemical and cotton lace.
Oh, so that's what that fabric's called!
And...
I did some research on succubi.
Since I was going to make this, I figured I needed to face succubi head-on.
You're so serious!
They are demons who seduce men, so there were a lot of characters in sexy outfits,
but "SuccIDK" doesn't concentrate on that factor,
so I made it cuter.
There's no way that this comfy pillow made for you foolish humans would work on...
Zzzzz... You totally get it!
But her height changes a lot,
so I imagined that if Liz-kyun were real,
the simplified parts would look like this or that,
and I ended up adding on a lot of details.
It's basically just my imagination.
If we're going for accuracy of Kani Miso-sensei's designs...
I'd have to admit the cosplay is technically wrong.
This totally works, though.
Huh?!
Like, there are times where outfits in the manga and anime are different...
Really?!
Yup. But it's totally fine to cosplay the anime version, too.
People making cosplays think hard about their costumes,
and go by their own interpretation, so everyone's is totally different.
But that's what's awesome about it.
It's that freedom that makes cosplay fun.
So this costume is your interpretation, and that's totally fine, Gojo-kun.
Not to mention, all your cosplays are so good, they can never be wrong.
Your costumes are the best!
Th-Thank you very much—
Oh, but real quick...
Y'know that urban legend about how keeping a condom in your wallet makes you rich?!
Wanna try it?!
Wh-What kind of legend is that?
I saw it on TV a while ago. Cosplay costs a lot of money,
so I could use some financial luck!
Found some!
Here's yours, Gojo-kun!
I have to do it, too?!
Duh, of course!
Wh-What?
Are you sure I don't look weird with half-pigtails?
You don't look weird at all!
It looks like Liz-kyun hopped out of the manga!
Really?
I'm actually super embarrassed right now.
Wow...
How beautiful!
Huh?!
The wig. It's such a gentle color, but so vibrant.
The wig? I mean, yeah, but... Huh? Oh, I'm sorry...
But seriously...
Once I put on the wings, it's like I'm cosplaying a 2D character and it's so good.
I'm hyped.
Um... There're actually some scenes I wanted to recreate.
F'real? Which ones?
I made sure to mark them.
I'm a Mega-Best-Selling High-School-Student Light Novel Author That Has a Succubus Thirsting for Me Every Night and I Don' t Know What to Do by Kani Miso
Did you, like, mark almost every page?
Beginner's Guide to Hypnosis
I even brought some props!
Oh, whoa!
We'll totally get some amazing pictures with these!
You are getting sleepy...
Oh, no! I wish I took a picture of that!
You're so frantic! I mean, I'll do it as many times as you want.
LAPSE     SLO-MO     VIDEO     PHOTO   PORTRAIT       PANORAMA
Yes! That's perfect!
You're wearing an eye mask, but it's totally Liz-kyun!
Next, I'd like to get a shot of you eating chocolate.
Okie-dokie!
Yum! Can I have another one?
Kitagawa-san... One more!
Um, Kitagawa-san! We got enough shots with the chocolate!
One more.
We took so many photos.
Yes!
For the last one... Lullaby Chocolate
I wanted to get a shot of her singing the lullaby to Kaname-kun.
Rock-a-bye baby, on the tree top...
There it is! That scene is a must.
Let's take it right now!
Yes, thank you.
Not what you were looking for?
I wouldn't say that, but something seems lacking.
If possible, I think what's lacking is direct eye contact.
You mean like, from Kaname-kun's point of view?
That's it!
Kitagawa-san, get on top of me!
Let's get the shot from Kaname-kun's point of view.
On your tummy?! Wouldn't it be hard to breathe?
I'll be fine if we get the shot quickly.
O-Okay...
If I'm too heavy, just tell me, okay?
All right.
I'm going to lower my hips. Are you ready?
Sure.
H-Here I go.
You're totally fine. Okay, I'll take the picture.
Thanks!
Click
Wha?!
OMG, it's so good!
Yes!
Per-fec-tion!
It's amazing how different it turns out just by changing angles.
I'm...
I'm having so much fun!
I'm a Mega-Best-Selling High-School-Student Light Novel Author That Has a Succubus Thirsting for Me Every Night and I Don' t Know What to Do by Kani Miso
Getting ready, putting on the cosplay, taking photos and admiring them together...
Every last thing... is so much fun!
Seriously, everything about cosplay is so much fun!
I'm having so much fun right now!
Yes, I'm having a lot of fun, too!
I think I hear a voice from the room next door...
That's right! We're in a love hotel right now!
I... I was so caught up in the photoshoot...
and I told her to get on top of me!
Kitagawa-san! I need you to get off of me right now!
Hello! This is Gojo Dolls—No, wait!
Yes... I'm sorry, what do you mean by extension?
Oh, no. That's all right.
Yes. Thank you.
A-Apparently it's time to leave the room!
Oh... right.
Um... I-I see...
I'll go get changed...
That was way too close...
Sorry...
Well, well. Were those high schoolers?
How cute!
I wonder if they were trying to relax a bit, since it's summer vacation.
They're right around the age they're most curious about this stuff.
Gojo Dolls
Kitagawa-san, Kitagawa-san, Kitagawa-san, Kitagawa-san!
Episode 12
My Dress-Up Darling Next time!